Ruò Yǔ, what’s going on?
This report has issues
Everyone
I trust Ruò Yǔ
She would never
Do anything to harm the group’s interests
There must be some misunderstanding
Please give me some time
I’ll definitely give everyone
A satisfactory answer
Young Master Qín
This is my ten-billion-yuan order
Dì Háo Group entrusted the funds to Qín Shì
Not for you
To play the hero
President Lǐ, trust me
Qín Shì will absolutely not let you
Lose money in this deal
Someone suspected of embezzlement like you
I wouldn’t dare cooperate with
Want to know the truth?
Search her office
Won’t everything be clear?
Search it
Someone’s
Stubborn as a dead duck
If we find something later
Let’s see how you deny it
You’re so sure
You’ll find something?
Do you know something already?
Young Master
This is the financial report
Found in President Qín’s office
Along with one million in cash